Add service map (#564)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/service-map.md

---
layout: page

> title: Service map

Reviewer: I'd argue this wasn't a 'service map' as most people would expect. Maybe call it the 'Teacher services diagram'?

Author: Map and diagram feel fairly synonymous to me? (eg "tube map" / "mind map"). It's probably technically a diagram, but I think most people call it a map? 

How about "Teacher services map"?

Reviewer: Yeah, that works

description: How the ‘becoming a teacher’ services relate to other services in the teaching journey
tags: reference
eleventyComputed:
  eleventyNavigation:
    key: "{{ title }}"
    excerpt: "{{ description }}"
    parent: home
---

> The 'becoming a teacher' services are part of a broader range of digital services which encompass the whole teaching journey, from initial interest through to retirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ‘becoming a teacher’ services are part of a broader range of digital services which encompass the whole teaching journey, from initial interest through to retirement.
```
